coursedetails.html
National Certificate: Information Technology
On completion of this qualification, you will possess a specialised set of skills that will allow you to work in areas of systems development with confidence. You will gain a solid grasp of computer industry concepts and learn to expertly design, develop, test, and document software solutions needed in today’s business environment. You will also gain the necessary undergraduate foundation to further your studies in the IT field, should you wish.
1 academic year
level 5
131
48872
Pretoria Campus;
#
Bachelor of Computing
You will gain sound theoretical knowledge grounded in real-world applications. Furthermore, the practical assignments and projects you will complete are congruent with daily practices in the working world, providing you with business-specific and soft skills. These skills include communication skills, customer satisfaction training, the ability to work as part of a team, and the ability to teach others.
4 academic years
level 8
506
62689
Pretoria and Kempton Campus;
#
Bachelor of Information Technology
This IT degree focuses on information systems modules and will provide you with foundational knowledge in software engineering and business intelligence. You will cover an extensive range of topics, from mobile and wireless networks to artificial intelligence and intelligent systems.
3 academic years
level 7
360
94121
Pretoria and Kempton Campus;
#
Diploma in Information Technology
Our Diploma in Information Technology consists of a generic foundation phase and a specialisation phase. The foundation phase gives insight into the field of information technology, while the specialisation phase is career oriented.This academic programme will transform you into a well-rounded professional through a strong focus on knowledge, execution, and professional and practical skills. You will also have the incredible opportunity to complete 6 months of in-service training at an external company or in a simulated work environment.
3 academic years
level 6
360
120097
Pretoria and Kempton Campus;